Update the guidance on Default Azure Credential usage (#267)
microsoft/agent-skills: .github/plugins/azure-sdk-typescript/skills/azure-ai-translation-ts/SKILL.md

3. **Use SAS tokens** - For document translation, use time-limited SAS URLs
4. **Handle errors** - Always check `isUnexpected(response)` before accessing body
5. **Regional endpoints** - Use regional endpoints for lower latency

> 6. **Use a specific EntraID token credential for production** — Never hardcode API keys. Use `DefaultAzureCredential` only for development and a specific token credential such as `ManagedIdentityCredential` or `WorkloadIdentityCredential` for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Use a specific Microsoft Entra token credential for production** — Never hardcode API keys. Use `DefaultAzureCredential` only for development and a specific token credential such as `ManagedIdentityCredential` or `WorkloadIdentityCredential` for production.
```
